pete hammon featured in classic
negative with it start to work
for you to work here in the first
football world gives the city so far
and make so many mistakes
two of them quite serious the German
marked the absence of Marcelinho serginho and
following the bid the corinthians did
his first goal with captive Ricardinho
can paint the boat
I'm a corinthians now a mistake that
injured the Flemish Corinthians and
scored a clear penalty and vampeta and
still gave the yellow card to the steering wheel
do not get dressed
a rapa the corinthians ran over the floor
paulo sérgio seemed to know how
it would be missing
those goal that gave him a hat and
ball passed a law that threatened to leave the
club if he was not a holder and then
turned back the chance to get in the place
de fernando baiano made his
a move by the skilful Edwardian
left
the gordon arm avoided the goal more
marcelinho made the third of corinthians
the corinthians marcelinho me more
for I played there sells on
london penalty shootout
Marcelo broke his right foot and hit
the corinthians speech tries to be
humble
São Paulo is a fully staffed
capable of reversing this situation of
four goals in the next game you take
of 4 you recover the group is to raise the
A little complicated head, right?
we have little time there to be able to
to recover